Add mention of document.querySelector being unable to detect :visible (#32476)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/_colon_visited/index.md

- The alpha component of the allowed styles will be ignored. The alpha component of the element's non-`:visited` state will be used instead. In Firefox when the alpha component is `0`, the style set in `:visited` will be ignored entirely.
- Although these styles can change the appearance of colors to the end user, the {{domxref("window.getComputedStyle")}} method will lie and always return the value of the non-`:visited` color.
- The [`<link>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/link) element is never matched by `:visited`.

> - The [`querySelector`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/querySelector) and [`querySelectorAll`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/querySelectorAll) method will always return null or empty [`NodeList`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/NodeList) even if there are visited links in a document.

Reviewer: I'd change this a bit, to make it more general, and also improve accuracy — other DOM methods that match elements via selectors/pseudos also return no results when you try to match `:visited`. In addition, only `querySelectorAll()` returns a `NodeList`; `querySelector()` returns a single element. 

My suggestion is as follows:

```suggestion
- DOM methods that match elements via CSS selectors — such as [`querySelector()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/querySelector) and [`querySelectorAll()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/querySelectorAll) — will always return an "empty" result even if there are visited links in a document. For the aforementioned methods, this will be `null` or an empty [`NodeList`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/NodeList), respectively.
```
